docs: Include info for signed view call change (#520)
oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime: docs/develop/authentication.md

site and executes trusted code, so it's fine to sign the necessary view calls
non interactively.

:::info

> Sapphire TypeScript wrapper v1 included signed view calls which resulted in
> multiple MetaMask messages. We recommend the usage of SIWE tokens going
> forward with v2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sapphire TypeScript wrapper v1 included signed view calls which resulted in
MetaMask popups for every view call. We recommend authentication [via SIWE token]
going forward with the Sapphire TypeScript wrapper v2
```

I think on the line of 'resulted in MetaMask popups for every view call' is clearer.
In the 2nd sentence maybe a bit more explicit that it's still about typescript and link to the section.

Reviewer: I was also contemplating whether the infobox is in the right position, or if we should provide a recommendation earlier.
